boys
what you're looking at here
in front of you
is the best in slot
gear
for arms warriors
in phase three
of tbc classic and i emphasize arms
warriors for one simple reason
i don't see a two-hander on this list as
a matter of fact
as a matter of fact i see war glaives of
azeroth and what that means
is that the kebab warriors won baby
kebab number one
all right i said this i said this many
moons ago tell your rogue friends tell
your gm's
glades are going to the kebab warriors
all right maybe the fury warriors first
those are our boys we don't want any
beef with them
but at the end of the day
kebab warriors arms warriors are getting
them all right if you're sitting there
with a twin blade of the phoenix
you know looks like you could you could
skewer meat with that little goofy thing
you don't get these
this is for real kebab warrior g's all
right that's it just the realest kebab
warriors from any given time without
further ado let's go through the entire
list
first thing is the cursed vision of
sargeras right sargeras however you want
to pronounce it right sargeras sargeras
potato potato it's a leather piece and
we're taking this from the rogues atuho
get out of here all right this is ours
we got hit
we got crit we got attack power
and we're even going to look at demons
every 10 minutes if we want to we're
going to find him on the minimap you
can't even hide from us we got the war
glades right we're out there yeah yeah
attacking demons left and right
we kill so many demons we need to see
him we need to know where they are we
need the car's vision of sargeras that's
ours
joker of endless nightmares hit rating
dual wheeled not
twin blades of the phoenix all right
we're not out here
you know making kebabs we are kebabs
so we need that
21 hit
27 crit
72 attack power
no stamina we'll get that later
we don't need stamina
onslaught shoulder blades not everything
can be leather all right we're going to
give the rogues a few things we're nice
guys
we've been in this a long time right
even though they only keep up exposed
armor 65 of the time compared to you
know like a 98 up time of our kebab
blood frenzy debuff maybe even 100 if
you got high enough crit
we're going to take this this is our
tier so we're going to grab a two piece
here because we want to reduce the rage
cost of our execute by three anyway
going further
we're gonna get that hit we're gonna get
that crit we're gonna get that attack
power with the shadow moon destroyer's
drape i said we were coming for stamina
later boom 24 stamina we're even going
to enchant it with agility to mess with
rogue's heads
onslaught breastplate boom plate that's
how we're getting our two piece for the
reduced cost of execute and if you know
if you've been playing kebabs since day
one you know all we do in execute face
is execute
we're just executing machines
you're gonna put crit gems in there with
a little extra stamina on them right
we've got to catch that stamina up we
don't have it on our necklace
going further the deadly cuffs boom 28
stamina more stamina staying alive kebab
and keeping the raid debuff up 12 hit
because we need this hit we're dual
wielding furiously fast attacking demon
killing machines 12 hit 28 crit 58
attack power on one piece on one little
bracer piece what the heck i don't even
know where to look
grips of silent justice
ain't nothing silent about what we're
gonna do with these war glaives of
azeroth
boom coming through like a wrecking ball
five crit and five strength gems
get that hit
get that armor penetration because we're
hitting so fast that we got to get
through the armor
belt of a hundred deaths another leather
piece we took this from rogues early we
already started grabbing it for rogues
if you didn't get this yet
and your rogue also didn't get this feel
free to take it from them they ain't
doing any damage anyway leggings of
divine retribution moving forward
another extremely important
uh armor penetration piece we're getting
350 in one slot and it's plate so nobody
can [__] about it boom it's going to be
dropped by gert dog blood boil take that
that's yours
red boots of the legion just the name
dread boots bomb
40 stamina in one piece we ain't dying
don't worry about the blood frenzy
debuff it ain't ever falling down i got
all this stamina i'm never gonna miss
cause i got more hit than [__] jose
conseco
the stormrage signet boom stamina boom
hit boom attack power and armor
penetration this is yours has to be
you're keeping up the buff you're not
just a kebab warrior anymore they're
finally letting you play in their
reindeer day reindeer games you're a
full-fledged arms warrior now on wow
head crazy
crazy
the unstoppable aggressors ring of
course this ring is yours you are an
unstoppable aggressor you've been
aggressively beating your head against
the wall since season one
this is yours this is your [__] kabob
dragon spine trophy if you didn't make
your own guild and ninja loot this to
you already
then you're [__] up all right go do
that make sure you have a dst you need a
dst if you're playing kebab with the war
glaives of azeroth because the haste
just keeps coming and if you're not
popping haste pots
twice three times maybe even four times
every pull
you're doing it wrong drink every
[__] hay spot on the auction house
every raid day
bloodlust brooch if you don't have this
this was p1 priebus
go get it right now
otherwise you ain't getting the war
glaives
and that's it that's your that's your
business kebab warriors that's your
business congratulations boys we made it
we are the arms warriors now it's only
us it's only us only kebab in the future
salvage your cat as edges
shard it this enchanted whatever it's
called in this game get rid of them we
are dual wielding arms warriors in phase
three get it done